		THE BIB TO HTML GENERATION SYSTEM
		---------------------------------

							August 9, 1995

  This directory contains all the HTML files used by the PROLANGS Home
Page along with the shell scripts that are required to regenerate the
HTML files from the references and abbreviations files. The two
"source" files used are:

  refs.bib: The references file in "extended" bib format. This format
includes the additional field names 'topic', 'seealso', 'note' and
'url'. 'topic' classifies the references according to different
topics. 'seealso' and 'note' allow placing comments along with the
reference. 'url' provides the source URL for a given reference if the
reference is available on-line.

  abbreviations: The abbreviations file. This file contains all
one-word abbreviations used in the refs.bib file. All abbreviations
are substituted by their expansion before the HTML files are
generated. The format of the file is simple: every line contains an
abbreviation, which is the one-word abbreviation followed by its
expansion. Any white space may separate one from the other.

  acmlinks.txt: The authorization code obtained from ACM author page. Through the links 
in this file, papers published by ACM may be authorized to share with the public for free. 
Two python scripts, insertLinks.py and insertCatLinks.py, are written for inserting the per-paper 
authorization code to the generated PHP pages. The first script serves refs-by-date.php and the 
second serves the PHP pages for different categories of topic. The addition of this feature does not 
affect the original procedure for updating the publication page except for that, if new ACM papers 
appeared on ACM digital library that can be authorized for public access, a new version of acmlinks.txt 
needs to be downloaded before updating refs.bib and executing 'make'.

  The regeneration of the HTML files --if required-- is driven with
the makefile (by executing make with no arguments) included in the
directory. A change in any of the two source files triggers the
regeneration.

  New topics can be added without modifying the system. Only an entry
in the abbreviations file is required, that expands the topic name to
its full expanded name.

  WARNING: All fields in the references file have to be a single
line. It is better not to use the bib mode in emacs, that has a
tendency to make things more than one line as soon are they are too
long.
